feat: add remove high level function to client (#1248)
web3-storage/w3up: packages/w3up-client/README.md

Create a delegation to the passed audience for the given abilities with the _current_ space as the resource.

### `remove`

```ts
function remove (
  contentCID?: CID
  options: {
    shards?: boolean
  } = {}
): Promise<void>
```

Removes association of a content CID with the space. Optionally, also removes association of CAR shards with space.

> ⚠️ Please be aware that all shards will be deleted even if there is another upload(s) that reference same shards, which in turn could corrupt those uploads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ If `shards` option is `true` all shards will be deleted even if there is another upload(s) that reference same shards, which in turn could corrupt those uploads.
```
